information for a press conference we
believe is about the seat let's listen
in the committee has been formed in 2022
it's a joint committee presided over by
both foreign Ministers of both countries
for more consultation and boosting
cooperation in all fields and
domains the state of Qatar is the
current president of the 44th session of
the gulf Corporation Council his
Excellency the prime for prime minister
foreign minister will preside over the
ministerial Council on uh this coming
Sunday in Saudi Arabia and he will
deliver his inaugural speech being the
president of this session and in
addition to that in Riad there will be
the meeting of the ministerial level
meeting between the GCC uh member states
with the participation of the kingdom of
Jordan
and the Egypt and his Excellency will
preside over these
sessions representing the state of K and
the chairman of the Kat delegation the
president of the
session this week or start of next week
on Monday the 4th of March his
Excellency the Prime Minister will uh
head to Washington to present the Kat
delegation uh for the Strategic dialogue
meetings between K and America and will
be will include a lot of officials this
dialogue has been established in 2014
and this is the sixth session the aim at
coordinate in all fields and domains the
health and the human Aid humanitarian
Aid human rights clim climate trade
Commerce culture and education and the
boosting the Strategic cooperation
between both countries the dialogue will
include so many sessions and uh a number
of sessions will be added in the field
of international coroporation economy
Commerce trade and investment combating
terrorism uh cooperation in the field of
Defense culture planning cular Affairs
human rights
and the Strategic leasin and the
humanitarian Aid and undoubtedly his
Excellency will meet some American
officials on top of them blinkin the US
Secretary of State during his
visit his Excellency minister of
interational
cooperation during her participation in
the 55th session of the human
Council in in Geneva she asked for the
immediate fire and The Sensation of fire
and she shed some lights on the failure
of the security Council to pass a c
resolution and Sudan also needs a lot of
efforts and the political immediate
solution in order to stop moderations in
the level of the Interior level and the
exterior level and also she Saida needs
a lot of efforts to unify things and she
condemned the violations against the
ringa and she hoped for reelecting Kata
for the council from 2025 till
2027 on Monday the 26th of February Her
Excellency has taken part in the
enlightment conference and she said
about she talked about the challenges
and uh uh she condemned the genocide
crimes committed by Israel in Gaza and
confirmed the right of every country to
have the proper energy Also regarding
the humanitarian situation in the Gaza
Strip his Excellency Excellency also uh
focused on this particularly the crisis
in Rafa
and confirmed the need to stop in
Israeli incursion in RAF on the Lance of
these meetings she met RI Maliki the
foreign minister of Palestine Abdullah
Minister foreign affairs in qat and she
will meet today with Minister Park the
executive director of the international
campaign to U councel the nuclear
weapons and the foreign minister of
Netherland and the deputy foreign
minister of Italy Ral cooperation then
she will move to antalia to take part in
the antalia the diplomatic meeting from
the 1st to the 3rd of
March Dr mm ABD aiz minister of estate
and the foreign minister met on Tuesday
the 20th of February with Andreas mfield
minister of State in the foreign
Ministry in Norway and his Excellency
David southerfield the American in
private special invo to the Middle
East this all what I have and if you
have any questions I'll be ready
fromer thank you Dr
Majid the statement of Biden yesterday
that I optimistic and the reservations
of Hamas according to us hamdan where
are now the mediation efforts and uh is
there a real breakthrough
and this can lead to more optimism we
are still waiting for the announcement
of the agreement within
days thank you regarding the
mediation at the time being or for the
time being as we have said before so
many developments have uh occurred and
uh the meetings that have been dealt
with through the media we don't have
particular thing to announce today but
we are uh we feel optimistic
and
uh the
ongoing talks are there amongst the
parties concerned but there's no uh
particular development for the time
being we are still within the framework
of the mediation we heard some
statements here and there through the
media Outlets is the visit of His
Highness the Amir to France will be
accompanied by a solid result of break
through in this uh effort of mediation
particularly there are meetings in Paris
regarding the gas summon that would be
held in Algeria and hisus the Amir will
take part as well or there are there any
particular steps in this
connection regarding the visit of his
hir to
France it's a minister of state and is
related to the bilateral relations
between the two countries regarding the
Summit I have no I documented idea for
the time being and I will tell you later
if I
have we have seen
during uh the last few hours some
development or some incident regarding
the meeting of His Highness the Amir
with is chief of the political Bureau of
Hamas in Doha and a visit by a a
delegation from Israel to Doha also
theist the Amir is in a visit now to
Paris can we have any connection between
these events and can we expect a cease
fire or truths or even a s of a Cession
before the month of
Ramadan as I said we don't have anything
now to announced the efforts are being
made meetings are ongoing on all levels
and as we said we we need to be
optimistic but we don't have certain
thing to announce
now I have a question regarding the
starvation in Gaza and uh this
starvation
matter is the Salvation matter contained
within the mediation
efforts yes
undoubtedly uh the International
Community as a whole is uh
clearly uh standing against the uh
starvation in Gaza Strip not only on the
north but in the entire of Gaza Strip we
have seen videos that they wct this
painful
humanitarian uh position in Gaza
thousands and thousands of people
without water without food without
electricity without even the basic
things for a normal life it is a
catastrophe that uh uh we should not
give a blind eye to it not only within
the talks but we have said that always
that the
humanitarian uh side must be always
there the what is going on in Gaza is a
violation to the international laws
International Norms International
agreements and it is painful to see this
spot as uh as included in the media aan
talks but undoubtedly as I said the
humanitarian side in Gaza is part of our
efforts
despite the Israeli negative reactions
and the situation of Hamas and three
American vors but Biden still say that
there might be a truce on Monday is this
the result of the Paris talks or it is
something from President Biden and the
Israeli silence does it mean Israel
accepts that another question regarding
the uh content of the icg and the
Israelis secret repes do you think one
day we will know more about
this I'll start by saying that no
comment regarding the current talks and
negotiations regarding what has been
said by Biden probably to ask the White
House is better but let me say that the
efforts are ongoing meetings and talks
are ongoing and all parties are involved
but we hope that uh the session will be
today before tomorrow but we don't have
anything particular to say mad F from
jaaz English I want to ask about the
delivery of the humanitarian Aid to Gaza
we had some news that the jordanians
have air dropped some humanitarian Aid
on the Gaza Beach and this was really
difficult and people have used little
boats to go uh deep into the sea to get
some Aid like flour and other things
Doha
has sent humanitarian Aid in cooperation
with the French PE officials do you have
any green light that say that these Aid
will enter Gaza will go to Gaza has the
Israelis or have the Israelis submitted
any flexibility to the
negotiators we appreciate the efforts of
every country Regional countries
International countries to deliver the
humanitarian Aid to the gazin
the lift that has been made to send C
humanitarian Aid to Gaza challenges
regarding this humanitarian Aid are
ongoing and
yesterday some reports uh were uh saying
that almost half of these humanitarian
Aid have entered only and on The Daily
uh uh work and efforts being exerted the
the Palestinian red CES said that 20 uh
4 hours 48 hours will be hold of this
delivery and the situation is
deteriorating and undoubtedly the
International Community must be serious
in dealing with this matter this is a
clear violation to the international law
and this must be dealt with in a clear
way we haven't seen a real pressure by
the International Community
in this regard a must enter Without
Limits and without
restrictions and still the talks are
ongoing regarding
facilitating delivering humanitarian Aid
to the gazan
people thank you and there you are
listening to Majid alansari the
spokesperson for the foreign Ministry we
have been listening very closely or
waiting for uh the foreign Ministry in
Qatar to speak which is why we went
there thinking they may have more
information about the ongoing
negotiation ations if they were ongoing
between all of the stakeholders
regarding the war on Gaza confirmation
of course from our correspondent in
occupied East Jerusalem that the Israeli
delegation is in Doha uh non-committal
certainly from the spokesperson here to
say that they are here but he said all
sides are talking to each other uh
mediation efforts continue uh there's no
real breakthrough he said no particular
announcement to make we are optimistic
but there are no developments Muhammed
Val correspondent who was in that um
news conference as well also asking
about the aid drop um made by uh the
jordanians which landed just off the
coast we've got pictures of that later
coming in the program of course gazans
rushing into the water to try and
collect most of that